Add PR checklist into PR template to update docs references in clients (#1496)
codenvy/che-docs: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### What issues does this PR fix or reference?

### Specify the version of the product this PR applies to.

### PR Checklist

As the author of this Pull Request I made sure that:

> - [ ] Changed articles references are updated where they are used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Changed article references are updated where they are used (or a redirect has been set up on the docs side):
```

    - [ ] Dashboard [branding.constant.ts](https://github.com/eclipse/che-dashboard/blob/master/src/components/branding/branding.constant.ts) + [product.json](https://github.com/eclipse/che-dashboard/blob/master/src/assets/branding/product.json)

>     - [ ] Chectl

Author: @tolusha Does chectl have one/a couple files which collects all documentation link chectl references to?

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/che-incubator/chectl/blob/master/src/constants.ts

Author: thx. I've added that into checklist
